How to install PyCharm on ubuntu.
But before that, what is PyCharm?
PyCharm is an IDE integrated development environment.
It increases developer productivity by combining capabilities such as software editing, building testing,
version control, integration, debugger, and other benefits.
Some IDE used to run Python.
We have Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text, atom, PyCharm.
We have Visual Studio Code used to run JavaScript, TypeScript, Python, Java and other programming
language.
Sublime text, atom and in our case P sharp.
We will use the Community Edition and it is available for Linux, for Mac and for windows.
Let's install PyCharm.
There are two method to install PyCharm on ubuntu.
First method via command line and the second via graphical user interface.
We will use the first method.
We will run this command.
I will run again.
But for me, I just installed.
PyCharm community is already installed.
Let's go to PyCharm.
This is my first project Python for beginners and I can create a new project here.
I will create my first file.
Hello pig!
Print.
Hello world.
I will execute here.
And the execution.
The result.
Hello world.
Settings to see what version of Python.
Python interpreter.
I used the latest version of Python 3.13.
Okay.